README.md, before:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/k4IGslji)
[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://classroom.github.com/assets/open-in-vscode-2e0aaae1b6195c2367325f4f02e2d04e9abb55f0b24a779b69b11b9e10269abc.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/online_ide?assignment_repo_id=21940648&assignment_repo_type=AssignmentRepo)
# Title of your paper
### Members
* 吳帛恩, 112207433
* 林福田, 114971013
* name, student ID3
* ...

### Demo 
You might provide an example command or a few commands to reproduce your analysis, i.e., the following R script
```R
Rscript code/your_script.R --input data/training --output results/performance.tsv
```

## Folder organization and its related information
idea by Noble WS (2009) [A Quick Guide to Organizing Computational Biology Projects.](https://journals.plos.org/ploscompbiol/article?id=10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000424) PLoS Comput Biol 5(7): e1000424.

### docs
* Your presentation, 1141_bioinformatics_FP_groupID.ppt/pptx/pdf (i.e.,1131_bioinformatics_FP_group1.ppt), by **01.02 9:20 am**
* Any related document for the project
  * i.e., software user guide

### data (do not upload fastq file)
* Source
* Format
* Size

### code
* Which packages do you use? 
  * original packages in the paper
  * additional packages you found
* Analysis steps

### results
* Which part of the paper do you reproduce?
* Any improvement or change in your package?

## References
* Packages you use
* Related publications

Commit message:

Update paper title in README.md

README.md, after:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/k4IGslji)
[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://classroom.github.com/assets/open-in-vscode-2e0aaae1b6195c2367325f4f02e2d04e9abb55f0b24a779b69b11b9e10269abc.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/online_ide?assignment_repo_id=21940648&assignment_repo_type=AssignmentRepo)
# Topological screen identifies hundreds of Cp190- and CTCF-dependent Drosophila chromatin insulator elements
### Members
* 吳帛恩, 112207433
* 林福田, 114971013
* name, student ID3
* ...

### Demo 
You might provide an example command or a few commands to reproduce your analysis, i.e., the following R script
```R
Rscript code/your_script.R --input data/training --output results/performance.tsv
```

## Folder organization and its related information
idea by Noble WS (2009) [A Quick Guide to Organizing Computational Biology Projects.](https://journals.plos.org/ploscompbiol/article?id=10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000424) PLoS Comput Biol 5(7): e1000424.

### docs
* Your presentation, 1141_bioinformatics_FP_groupID.ppt/pptx/pdf (i.e.,1131_bioinformatics_FP_group1.ppt), by **01.02 9:20 am**
* Any related document for the project
  * i.e., software user guide

### data (do not upload fastq file)
* Source
* Format
* Size

### code
* Which packages do you use? 
  * original packages in the paper
  * additional packages you found
* Analysis steps

### results
* Which part of the paper do you reproduce?
* Any improvement or change in your package?

## References
* Packages you use
* Related publications
